Chenda Duan UID 305377128
1.
When there are multiple branches, 
on the upper left window we can see more than one vertical lines 
as a symbol of branches, 
and the circle represents each commits. 
When two branches get merged,
we can see two lines joining together
at a circle.
And that circle represent the merge point.

For example, for the merge point M,
two commit: improve documentation...
and "merge from origin/emacs-27"
merged together.
So the point M has two parents:
ffd201c47e8......
18c0e20bea0.......
They merged together to form point M.
The author is Glenn Morris, 
the time is 2020-10-17.

About the roles of sub-windows:

The upper-left window show the branches
and commits for this repository. 
Along with the comments for the commits.
The blue cycle represent commits, 
and the yellow cycle represent HEAD,
which is the current commit.
We can also see that
both the local master branch
and the remote master branch
point to the HEAD commit.

The upper-middle window shows 
the author of each commit.

The upper-right window shows
the time of each commit.

The middle window is about searching.
We can see the SHAI ID of the commit we select.
We can also search the commit by changing SHAI ID,
or by the commit containing specific words.
On the right we can see the current row number,
and the total row number.

On the bottom left, there are two separate window
The bottom-left-up window shows the commit details,
specifically the commit meta-data, such as
committer, parent and child, comments.

The bottom-left-down window show the different
of the commit and the previous commit.
We can also select "old version" or "new version".

The bottom right shows the file that is impact
by the commit we selected.

2.
C is a long-away parent of m(show in the graph)
and is a commit with comment"A better fix of bug"

3.
When I download the GNU Emacs git repository 
by using git clone https://git.savannah.gnu.org/git/emacs.git
I use git branch and find that my own version only has one branch "master"

But for the "~eggert/src/gnu/emacs"
I use git branch and there are so many branches.
Using git branch | wc -l to count,
there are 179 branches.

So the emacs repo that I download is rather a "formal" repository,
which is only for users to play around since it only contains the main branch.
But ~eggert/src/gnu/emacs
seems to be a full repository, it contains so many branches and commits,
it is the repository for the real development or maintain for emacs.
 